I am going to continue on some code. I am going to do it while I am offline.

The project, which was previously a script, needs some classes and functions as part of the design. I have listed the classes and functions. I have added one more function to it.

Also, the project needs a package/installer, for it to be installed as a utility which can be used from any path.

That's the quick review of the project: Trimmer.

I added some code to the project. I continued on the design work. I have started adding more classes, I am doing in the same file as the first class.

The project needs package/installer. I used to package my python projects and used to upload them to  PyPI. That may not be necessary. I can add the project path to the Windows PATH env variable, and, have a PS cmdlet execute the python project as a module, with '-m' switch. The project will then be usable across the system as a command/cmdlet.

Now, let me see about the PS/cmdlet.

I had installed the PS help, using the Update-Help command. But, it is not showing. So, I went with the direct approach, of executing a command to check out what it does.

The Install-Module cmdlet may be useful here, to install a given PS module, for system wide use.

I am going to test it by making a small cmdlet.

I don't know how to pass command line arguments to a PS script. I am going to try something here.

Reading an input command line argument for a PS script is taking some work.

I decided to search the docs for help, accessing the Windows Help feature now needs an Internet connection, so does the good old 'F1'.

I tried to install the test PS module, Test-Util with Install-Module, it reported that it needs Administrator privileges. Upon using Install-Module command with the Admin privileges, an error was emitted, that, 'Nuget is required'. I think, it is some kind of package manager. I am going to do the current task offline, so, not going offline right now.

One guess is that, 'Nuget' package system will be looked up by the Install-Module command, and, that a local cmdlet scripted may not be installable by the command.

Another option is to directly copy the PS script to the folder, the path of which was displayed in the error message of the command, Install-Module, "C:\Program Files\WindowsPowerShell\Modules".

Upon inspection of the directory, it is not clear what can be done. So, this option will be examined later.

I am going to stop now. It was some one hour of design/package/installer work.
